action what made the original craft so
impactful was so many of us felt seen
for the first time
in popular culture it's such a symbol of
teen angst
girls watch out for those weirdos and i
think resonated with a lot of
young people we are the weirdos mister
craft legacy
follows lily are you excited for your
first day of school tomorrow
wow the story starts off with the coven
trying to find their fourth
you should come over after school then
when they do that's when everything
starts to unfold
for witches
[Music]
what they find during the journey of
becoming empowered is that being
empowered is more complicated and more
difficult
if we can do that what else can we do
[Music]
be careful a lot of weirdos out here we
are the weirdos mister